[[data_visualisation,Data Visualisation]]
== Data Visualisation

SmuView can visualize the captured data in various views. When a devices is
connected, some common views are automatically displayed, depending on the
device type and the available features of the connected device.

You can close views and create new ones via the tool bar of the device tab.

[[value_panel_view]]
=== Value Panel View

image::ValuePanelView.png[Value panel,402,185]

The value panel view displays the current value (image:numbers/1.png[1,22,22])
of a signal or channel. Also the minimum (image:numbers/2.png[2,22,22]) and
maximum (image:numbers/3.png[3,22,22]) values since the last reset are shown.

Each value can have a unit (image:numbers/4.png[4,22,22]) and optional flags
(image:numbers/5.png[5,22,22])

The minimum and maximum value can be reset with the tool bar button
image:numbers/6.png[6,22,22].

[[power_panel_view]]
=== Power Panel View

image::PowerPanelView.png[Power panel]

The power panel view is shown for power supplies and electronic loads. This view
is using the voltage and current channel for calculating resistance, power, Wh
and Ah. Also the minimum and maximum values since the last reset are shown.

The minimum, maximum, Wh and Ah values can be reset with the tool bar buttion
image:numbers/1.png[1,22,22].

There is no tool bar button in the device tab to show a power panel view, but it
is accessible via the _Add View_ dialog in the device tab.

[[data_table_view]]
=== Data Table View

image::DataTableView.png[Data table,270,266]

The data table view shows all available sample points for one or more signals.

You can control if the table scrolls to the bottom or stays at a given position
with the tool bar button image:numbers/1.png[1,22,22] and you can add new
signals to the table via the tool bar button image:numbers/2.png[2,22,22].

[[time_plot_view]]
=== Time Plot View

image::TimePlotView_2.png[Time plot,645,369]

The time plot view shows one or more channels or signals in a plot over time.

You can move the plot by dragging the plot canvas or by dragging the axis and
you can zoom the whole plot by scrolling inside the plot canvas or zooming a
specific axis by using the mouse wheel over the axis.

When double clicking an axis, you can manually set the axis boundaries, lock the
boundaries and set an axis scale (linear or logarithmic). With the lock symbols
(image:numbers/1.png[1,22,22] and image:numbers/2.png[2,22,22]) at the axis, you
can also lock an axis boundary. When clicking on a signal label
(image:numbers/3.png[3,22,22]), you can change the curve name, the visibility,
color, line type and symbol type of the corresponding signal.

You can add plot markers (image:numbers/4.png[4,22,22]), differential markers
(image:numbers/5.png[5,22,22]), resize to best fit (image:numbers/6.png[6,22,22]),
and add new signals (image:numbers/7.png[7,22,22]) to the plot via the tool bar.

The plot can be saved (tool bar button image:numbers/8.png[8,22,22]) to various image formats like SVG, PDF, PNG, etc. At the moment, the image size is fixed.

You can also configure the plot with the tool bar button
image:numbers/9.png[9,22,22]: Change the plot mode (additive, rolling,
oscilloscope) and change the display position of the markers info box.

[[xy_plot_view]]
=== X/Y-Plot View

The X/Y-plot view shows two signals in X/Y-mode. It has the same functionality
as the time plot view.
